My colleague and of course as soon as I arrived to agitated and immediately asked me to lie down instead of beating me. So you laid down and they beat you yes that is a fact. And for anyone to try to make an excuse for types of brutality and assault on me on behalf of the police or even to imply that the police were where we provoked it would be scandalous.  Just very quicklyMr. Cheney you why what's the way forward for the opposition some people are saying you have absolutely no impact on what's happening in Zimbabwe. Yes you are organizing demonstrations and protests but in terms of pushing forward the political agenda you really have little teeth. What's your response to that.  Well that is that is totally unjustified criticism. Let me say that if the MDC had not taken the initiative to take the leadership in setting the agenda why would the why I would have said that is an extraordinary meeting on the crisis in Zimbabwe. If we had no impact. Why would Mugabe embark on a clampdown on the opposition in a brutal way that where he is done.  If the MDC had not had no impact. Thank you.  Why let well Well this clearly is another matter but I'm just trying to put you the Fed to understand that if the MDC had no impact. Why would anyone bother about it. I'm just saying that the MDC is the voice of the people. It is the guardianship of the hopes and aspirations of the majority those we we we command the majority of Zimbabweans. Yes we may not have gone on this street because of the reality of the brutal response that everyone is aware of and that the fear is endemic in Zimbabwe but that doesn't mean that the MDC is not heading back. Now let's let's also examine the question of this split in its proper context. There is a perspective that this split should not look at that it was caught or in political terms. There was a split in the base period and there was a split in the nationalist movement in Zimbabwe between Zarqawi and Islam but did that stop the people from championing the cause of of of of achieving independence.  On that note thank you very much. Chan you right then sir Morgan on your I speed of the Movement for Democratic Change in Zimbabwe.  Water is a precious and costly resource that's vital for all life. Did you know that many South Africans are without water because others are wasting it wasting water is a public offense this year make a pledge to give back to the country by using your water wisely report all leaks and burst pipes to the Department of Water Affairs and forestry on 0 800 200 200 while added remember to inquire about water saving tips.  This message is brought to you by the Department of Water Affairs and forestry on the 21st of January 1999 I had to go to the hospital to have my tonsils removed and my whole body was so I couldn't move I couldn't eat make something of my tonsils so the next day right before they start the operation I see this huge needle now.  I'm scared of needles did I tell you that that's where I just pass on avoid the long lines and the hassles by paying your TV licence online visit w w w dot tv l I see that SEO dot that a anytime pay your TV licence it's the right thing to do.  Start of News:
Twenty six minutes past eight on SAFM a quick look at health issues before we go to the news headlines.  News reader:
African ministers of health have declared their commitment to strengthen the continent's health systems. Ministers attending the third ordinary session of the African Union conference in Johannesburg this week have called on all stakeholders private sectors and NGO to help them achieve their long term goals increasing health resources is also on the implementation list. Ayanda Yeni has more.  Ayanda Yeni (J):
In the beginning of the conference. The main objective of African Ministers of Health was to find a possible solutions and strategy to the many challenges facing the African continent. African countries are well aware that they are at risk of not achieving the continent's Millennium Development Goals and curbing diseases poverty and socio economic issues by 2015 guided by the theme strengthening of health systems for equity and development. The ministers engage in much discussion. The impact of diseases such as malaria HIV AIDS and TB is hampering Africa's progress. Earlier this week ministers attending the conference were of the opinion that access to essential medicine was a problem due to the high dependency level on the importation of pharmaceutical products. But then as health minister Sheila Tlou  Sheila Tlou:
Human resources for health that is really a major challenge for Africa. We have about 25 percent of the global disease burden but only 3 percent of the required health human resource is you know suffering from brain drain. Both intercontinental and outside. Within countries themselves so we were mandated to look at hostage human resource for health plans to really be able to address our human resource crisis.  Ayanda Yeni (J):
Among its challenges Africa has a critical shortage of a health workforce and the weak capacity of training institutions inadequate infrastructure contributes to the shortage. On the official opening. Deputy president Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka said Africa should draw strength from a high number of youth not forgetting the importance of women who could bring about change.  Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka:
As we deliberate to focus again on how we going to liberate this resource of our continents called women in the best interest of the continent. I want to dare you to dream of a continent that is AIDS free generation in Africa. In our lifetime that free of HIV and AIDS because if we dream it will dare to achieve it.  Ayanda Yeni (J):
According to a report commissioned by the Health Minister's disease burdens differ from country to country and they continue to grow because health systems are too weak. People are not empowered to improve their health and environmental factors among others. Zimbabwean Health Minister David Parirenyatwa says besides HIV AIDS his country is also facing challenges of the death of pregnant mothers. He says Zimbabwe is doing its best to fight malaria and TB. On the other hand Togo is battling to keep its citizens free of yellow fever by immunizing and educating them. African health ministers have set out a list of recommendations such as governments to develop deployment plans which would include revised incentive packages ensure that health workers being trained are using public funds and offer compulsory community service. The involvement of the community is also among its list of priorities. Parirenyatwa says he is optimistic that their strategies will succeed.  David Parirenyatwa:
I hope with all the goodwill and determination that my colleage health ministers from other countries will take these recommendations and try to apply them to their own concrete situation at home. This is exactly what we're going to do in Zimbabwe. We will take this recommendation. I will also give them to my Cabinet colleagues in Zimbabwe and say this is how we want to go in the health system and it will strengthen our own strategies that we already have on the ground.  Ayanda Yeni (J):
A collective approach is the message that are sent out to the conference AU social affairs commissioner (unknown source) says she can only hope that ministers will take the message home to its citizens.  African Union Representative:
The major outcome document is the Africa strategy. That is why we say it is owned by Africans. Africans have determined what their problems are and how they will resolve it. So what I'm saying in terms of the way forward is definitely what should happen if ministers have to go back and ensure that they implement the decisions and the commitments that they've made during this meeting.  Ayanda Yeni (J):
Upon request the next ordinary session will be held in Zimbabwe. Ministers from Africa have committed themselves to develop social protective systems particularly for the poor and vulnerable group. They also pledged to implement the Africa Health Strategy in collaboration with the African Union private sectors and civil society organisations am Ayanda Yeni SABC News in Johannesburg.  News reader:
A little after 08:30 let's update your news headlines now with Otsile Saku .  Otsile Saku (R):
Recapping on the morning's top stories. Leading industrial and developing nations meeting in Washington have called for urgent efforts to reach a world trade deal. They say a strong political leadership by major players is crucial to ending the deadlock after six years of talks. Yesterday's IMF meeting in Washington gathered finance officials from most major economic powers including the United States the European Union Japan Brazil India China and South Africa. Economic growth unemployment public transport housing development and crime have been highlighted by President Thabo Mbeki as priority areas both nationally and within the city of Johannesburg. President Mbeki Gauteng Premier Mbhazima Shilowa and Johannesburg mayor Amos Masondo have been talking to the residents of the city and surrounding areas about various issues in their imbizo campaign. They were interviewed exclusively on SAfm. President Mbeki says "growth nationally is still of utmost importance." An ANC councillor and Sunco executive member in the Western Cape has been gunned down in Gugulethu, the killing. Last night appears to be an assassination. Police at the scene say a 41 year old Mthetheleli Joka was walking home when he was fired at by people on foot. The area has been dogged by allegations of infighting within Sanco and finally two people have been arrested. A policeman injured and at least three cars damaged in what appears to have been a racially motivated confrontation in the upmarket suburb of Milnerton Ridge in Cape Town last night. Police had their hands full trying to separate a group of black and white neighbours. Some residents say a guest house in the area is selling alcohol and holding late night parties. Police in Milnerton are investigating charges of assaults and malicious damage to property. That's all for now back to weekend am live.  End of news:
Thank you very much Otsile. Twenty seven minutes to 8:00 and time for the editors this morning and welcome from Tshepiso M that if you've just joined us our participants today.