Right now 177 points down just one third of a percent. That's fifty six thousand four hundred finance over taking a big battering in the bruising. They're all in negative territory but the interest rate announcements on Thursday and a couple of weeks ago that seems possible would suggest that we could see the Reserve Bank cutting interest rates. And now there is a possibility of the Reserve Bank being obliged to raise in anticipation of the inevitable inflationary pressure that's got to come from what's going to be a scary fuel price increase next month and the impacts of import costs on the weaker currency. So yes we'll watch this space. The Reserve Bank won't want to do it. But if it feels obliged to and that's being reflected in today's banking share prices they're under pressure. Investors got a big rally on Friday in which it announced that it was going to be separately listing affairs management business to this big down one and a half percent to one hundred and one run 50 gold sector positive on the day. Industrials moving into the black Naspers up three quarters and Aspen Pharmacare which had a horrible week last week as a soldier's baby milk formula business for the share price but still a very significant Miron 260 all the way to below 200 grand a share. It's got a modest recovery going on today. Food companies are out of favor and amongst the resources Kumba Exelon and Anglo in the positive column gold just above 12 hundreds of platinum a hundred and five dollars an ounce. Brent crude oil seventy eight dollars a barrel. About currency to the pound at nineteen sixty seven euro at seventeen forty. And the dollar fourteen eighty eight with the CW in business.  Start of News:
That brings us to a minute after four thirty. Tara Penny standing by with the latest eyewitness news. What are you tracking Tara. JOANNE.  Tara Penny:
We start in the capital where the Tshwane metro police department has confirmed officers fired rubber bullets at suspected land grabbers in Soshanguve today after they became aggressive during the removal of illegal structures in the area. The department's land invasion unit has demolished almost 300 illegal structures in Mamelodi and Soshanguve since last week. It is understood that land grabbers were given notice to remove the structures but failed to comply. Spokesperson Isaac Mahamba.  Isaac Mahamba:
said, "We were consulted by the community members who started throwing stones and petrol bombs to TMPD officers and their service providers. We had no choice but to retaliate by firing rubber bullets just to disperse the unruly crowd."  Tara Penny:
Basic Education Minister Benjamin says that says the greatest security threat to school pupils are the pupils themselves. The minister made the comments at a briefing in Pretoria today where she announced her department will be meeting with the ministers of police and social development to discuss violence at schools in Eastern Cape pupil was stabbed to death over a cell phone last week on a pupil allegedly stab a teacher to death in the North West province bacon report.  Minister Andrew Metcalfe says she's identified the biggest threat to the safety of school pupils as it sets up extensive dilemmas and says that the biggest threat is there. But we get a text that that applies to school she said. They talk now is to develop a plan to improve school safety you can bring fences you can bring everything but you have to be able to do that because and so that's why I think that the social services will help these cases but you also have to know what guidelines might check out says the department will meet with police and social development officials within the next 10 days.  Barry Bateman eyewitness news.  Police and local police are investigating a case of culpable homicide after eleven passengers died in a bus accident on the N1 highway. The bus was travelling between them purple and hopping with 55 passengers and five drivers on board. Police said the cause of the accident is not yet clear at this stage but investigations are ongoing.  Spokesperson Watson Klepper accident eleven out of 6 2 it dead at the scene of the drivers and about Bob and Doug were then taken to the local hospital for medical treatment and in Australia.  Needles have been found inside strawberries and two more states broadening a health scare that caused supermarkets to recall brands and farmers to dump fruit amid the peak growing season. Seven brands of strawberries in Australia are now believed to be contaminated with needles and pins something warning some authorities to slice the fruit before eating. Queensland police say it's unclear if the contamination is the result of a single person acting alone or several people acting independently. Heatwave conditions expected in counting tomorrow. Overnight lows between eight and 15 degrees highs of 32 and 34 in your typical job are going to make one more.  There are delays between then whole road and waterfront Fontaine Road exit on November 1 north due to a few incidents between those two points can end on November 1 s an accidents 244 beer severe.  The top story the Japanese have fired rubber bullets at suspected land grabbers and for some good but they were not given those two points.  That's the way I thought it was to.  Would do what if it goes to Baby Bear with me.  I need to get through with a fine tooth comb. Just seems to me that acting and reposts are wrong Back to you. No think we mustn't go by simply being myself half a minute of the so listening to country music half a minutes of my life.  I will never get back. But let me tell you I continue now. Country music fanatics who are loving that song. That song is country in this country Joe I'm telling you we constitute a note today is International a country music base. So we did that success fake really. We wanted to celebrate this day and and put it down as a red letter day in his diary because he says it on the fans out there. Are you a fan of country music. I'm not. I don't know too much about it at all. It's something out of my frame of reference. So that song you've just heard by the way he said Dolly Parton and kickin the religious islands in the street. Now many of us were introduced to country music by other Dolly Parton or Kenny Rogers and many other artists whose names I forget. The thing it's on the special very special deal that I'm asking my country music lovers out there to remind me of the greatest country music singer performance. Okay I know I'm Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers says that I have a theory that not many of us in the country do listen to country music circles completely disagrees with me. This is a big country music flying in the country so tell us what you know about this. So what do you know what you enjoyed over the years in terms of country music as you said who your favorite singers are. I'd love to hear what it is what it is about country music that attack especially the younger country music singers or performers. Because we know mostly as I mentioned Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers. But you know in 2018 are they still young people who are going into country music and who are the most popular young country music performers today just so that we can and guys feel free to sendC.D. loads of them join us over at number five groundlings science and in this country donate them to develop three syllables you're about to launch a cool start up business and right about now you should be over thinking the color of your logo as one does but instead you're still stressing about paying for all the much needed hardware and software contact a business consultant Ed did you tape about owning without owning innovative new financing solutions available to any size business and pocket with no deposits letting six months to take an extended warranty. It's a no brainer. Just like your logo make it blue because people educate your local Apple experts.  I don't do it for money. I do. The turning plan into action.  Achieving the things I've always wanted and planning ahead for the things I still need I don't do it for money but money. A personal loan from that bank to two hundred and fifty thousand rand over flexible repayment terms at a great rate applied online any time at that bank of the very forward slash personal loan it's quick and easy. Another way we get the money to back you. We're authorized at this point and registered credit provider people those things apply money differently.  Next bank mobile phones. You have the aerials and time black and white screen. We got rid of those. So why do we still have those outdated cellular contract introducing immediately from cell scene. It's the same you know contact2.0 with everything you need to access everything you want a subscription and data to access like the latest movie or even music plus all the talk time and date that you want for an all in monthly fee media play. If you all as communication and it became the solution only on selfie selfie with your way of life.  Joe and Joe. OK.  On double one double a 3 0 7 0 2 20 minutes to 5 on the program and I'm be very indulgent because I'm keeping up poor beloved Marina I want to be waiting to share his sports reporter Marina. Do you enjoy country music as much as we do. No no no. OK. So this we're going to be an education for you and me some of our listeners jumped to it and said to me like literally seconds after we found something that song and to bellow said it was like that got me singing alone. NATO is that song. Wow you made my day and most of that gun left says you just have to listen to.