news reader:
One thousand ninety eight dollars 75 an ounce. Recapping the top story at 8:00 the rand has remained under pressure this morning. This after slumping to a one month low on Friday on concerns thatU.S. plans to cut bank activities and the prospect of high interest rates in China may stall global economic growth. That's the news for now.  sport news reader:
I'll be back with headlines at half past eight for headlines at 8 0 for the fans screaming for gold in front of a fund to produce them when they gave its residents six of a base in a 6 2 hiding in a training match this past weekend abroad in Milan moved nine points clear at the top of Thierry off to beat in second place AC Milan by two goals to No.  reporter:
In a gripping derby and forever profit I'm stuck here for now. It's being wanted and frustrated.  Sport news reader:
What I said was that she went nowhere recorded for love struck twice to help things soak through to the epic Cup fifth round and ruined soul Campbell's first game back at Arsenal rugby use the Stormers empathic 54 12 win over a second string Western Force was clinical but it was a different it was rather difficult to gauge whether the two teams then at this stage where they stand Rather at this stage of the season. Just quickly an update on the latest tennis results is that Verdasco and David Duncan. Not to say it's all in their loss.  Radio Host:
Oh Jo'burg stealing cape town ideas of train problems but for different reasons. And three words in three way that indemnity fund rebuild in the Mother City.  Radio Host:
Look out. How's it looking.  Leigh Wilson:
Yeah thanks sir. Yes I just keep in mind delays in the trains this morning across reporting delays and cancellations because of industrial action by the train drivers not city deep on the 17 at Heidelberg Road interchange the traffic lights not waking this morning on time and one northbound leaking against must Avenue causing delays from the brown Fontaine area and sending you on the N1 southbound vehicle broken down in the lift and then under the Cambridge Road bridge just south of Rivonia Road interchange a better view remains the same route on the into 12 of 24 waistband as you approach gluteus interchange at the end. The lines are down at the links you're going to change big problems heading through there this morning at this very very slow read coming to Eatonville this morning not can be on the all 21 both on that accident has cleared a better container addicted but still a queue remaining from about the Pomona Road exit remains a busy route this morning. Also just looking at the Pretoria side these problems be on the all 21 now well experts on the N1 North northbound you've got a bus broken on in the left hand lane just before the all 21 interchange with a queue from about John Foss the drive exit on the northbound carriageway. The queue waiting to get to past that big obstruction that's having a major impact on traffic heading through there. Also heavy rain across Victoria region with the surface water on many of the routes as well. A lot of surface water along with the courage by allowing journey time and drive of kids very busy and heavily congested in the Pretoria side. Now Durban on the three in bond carriage may still backs up between speedy junctions towards the CBD and roadblocks taking place as you get into the CBD on the entry. And as it's been narrowed down to two lanes that's the reason for the big delays to be coming through on the cliffside side not on the end 13 eastbound. It's been a collision at the Pioneer Road exit missile site impacting on traffic coming through on the Hillcrest side. Big delays coming through because of the accident scene. CAPE TOWN The Delft area on the off the 100 northbound display between the N2 and the Stellenbosch arterial road exit that early accident at the Alpha 100 on the into inbound carriageway still very slow approaching there's a little backlog in the area so the cap and tales of a rebuke Road at Lurie or between lorry and the all 400 interchange that's still had not picked up so causing big delays heading through them.  Radio Host:
Leigh Wilson Radio Two thousand traffic now the City of Roses Monroe you're picking a 29 bloom but I'm 25 five that twenty nine as well the see the groups college outperformance has been going on minus 25. Does doesn't is limit your high 24 new brands and go My god mother world twenty three today. Go look at it of the Congolese before Gill 24. William Leslie Marshall Quentin gave New Orleans east north Phoenix ntuZuma 26P. ntambuza at your height 26 as well. Richard. Twenty nine. manabhitaha. May 26 to the Republic of sweet because 20 for the Capitals wizards mostly during the winter months which included 27 six up in the Kimberly how did you get your high city for Animal Hospital confetti today. Twenty nine for my.  a song:
One is still making my bed twice 83 57 a joy number 28 notes we got numbers on what do eighty nine well we see the base shorts American about buying a home around new I was at the forefront of the budget the trouble to name a site.  a song:
The BBC was demonstrating but nevertheless that was by David golden right. MSL was of and plug it out big around in my black coat glasses. I see I know that I got the wrong. I want to find a young couple have an atomic to the brother man they came out here and the right now. I love the song. I spent many hours with Dan Brown's system and laughing bringing the bigger favorite parts of my day. The man I met while the others may remember I know the thing is that I don't like you in Africa but I and I do what I had to take the blood the alpha beta and I got to be published by my life. So would you like me to make a bigger make myself die in Africa.  a song:
You know this is radio is radio Well we took a vow to be a true I'm fine.  a song:
Tell me do you think someone you were young and I thought you said that there would also be than well I swear to God it doesn't say anything but I know that love I read that you're right. But I was just gonna go away and the line would go just tired and I know that most probably you say same race.